---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0635
category: security-advisories
published: 07th October 2019
severity: Medium
cvss: "6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0635

<p class="doc-version">Published: 07th October 2019</p>
<p class="doc-version">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-version">CVSS Score: 6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server


### OVERVIEW
A possible Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability has been detected in the management console.


### DESCRIPTION
When a custom claim dialect with an XSS payload is configured in the identity provider basic claim configuration, that payload gets executed, if a user picks up the malicious dialect URI as the provisioning claim in advanced claim configuration of the same Identity Provider. The attacker also needs to have privileges to log in to the management console, add and update identity provider configurations.


### IMPACT
By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**            | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | ---------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager       | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5052 |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5052 |
| IS       | WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.8.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4994 |


!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Sathish Kumar Balakrishnan](https://sathish.co.in/) Balakrishnan ([Cyber Security Works Pvt Ltd](https://cybersecurityworks.com/)) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
