---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0661
category: security-advisories
published: 03rd January 2020
severity: Medium
cvss: "5.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0661

<p class="doc-version">Published: 03rd January 2020</p>
<p class="doc-version">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-version">CVSS Score: 5.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Enterprise Integrator


### OVERVIEW
Enterprise Integrator is allowing unauthenticated access to a JSP file in the management console.


### DESCRIPTION
Enterprise Integrator is vulnerable to unauthenticated access to a JSP file in the message processor configuration in the management console. This JSP file is called when the message processor configuration is updated from the source view.


### IMPACT
An attacker can access the unauthenticated JSP file and extract data regarding the message processors without logged in.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| EI       | WSO2 Enterprise Integrator | 6.5.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5684 |


If you are using older versions of affected products, it is highly recommended to migrate to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.

!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.
