---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0621
category: security-advisories
published: 07th October 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0621

<p class="doc-info">Published: 07th October 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager
* WSO2 API Manager Analytics
* WSO2 Enterprise Integrator
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server
* WSO2 Identity Server Analytics


### OVERVIEW
A verbose error message vulnerability has been identified in the management console.


### DESCRIPTION
Verbose error message vulnerability discovered in WSO2 products. This vulnerability could lead to sensitive information disclosure through error messages.


### IMPACT
Verbose error messages often expose technical details that are helpful to attackers. Verbose errors can allow attackers to learn **inside** information about the application and/or hosting infrastructure, allowing them to target it more effectively.


### SOLUTION

#### For latest versions of affected products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**            | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | ---------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager       | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4757 |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4757 |
| IS       | WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.8.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4728 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.
