---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0545
category: security-advisories
published: 29th January 2019
severity: Medium
cvss: "6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0545

<p class="doc-version">Published: 29th January 2019</p>
<p class="doc-version">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-version">CVSS Score: 6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server


### OVERVIEW
A potential Open Redirect vulnerability has been identified in account recovery and self-sign up flow.


### DESCRIPTION
Open Redirect vulnerability is discovered during account recovery and self-sign up flow, where the page will be redirected directly to the callback URL in the request which can be a malicious one.


### IMPACT
An attacker can modify the query parameter value to a URL value of a malicious site, and trick a user to invoke the modified URL. This redirects the user to the malicious site and the attacker may successfully launch a phishing scam and steal user credentials or other sensitive information.


### SOLUTION

#### For latest versions of affected products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| Code  | Product                | Version | Patch                        |
| ----- | ---------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------- |
| IS KM	| WSO2 IS as Key Manager | 5.7.0   | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4169 |


#### For other products
Upgrade the products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) which are not affected by this vulnerability.

!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Evgeny Anihovsky](https://www.linkedin.com/in/evgeny-anihovsky-a1966456/) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
