---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0656
category: security-advisories
published: 02nd September 2019
severity: High
cvss: "7.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0656

<p class="doc-info">Published: 02nd September 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: High</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 7.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager: 2.6.0
* WSO2 Identity Server: 5.3.0 , 5.4.0 , 5.4.1 , 5.5.0 , 5.6.0 , 5.7.0


### OVERVIEW
Improper Authentication and Authorization vulnerability has been identified in SCIM API in WSO2 Identity Server.


### DESCRIPTION
By obtaining a certificate from a trusted certificate authority, it is possible to bypass authorization if the root certificate authority used to sign is available in the client trust store.


### IMPACT
Upon successful exploitation of this vulnerability, an unauthorized user would be able to invoke the SCIM API.


### SOLUTION
Upgrade the WSO2 Identity Server version to 5.8.0 or higher which are not affected by this vulnerability.

#### For other products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| APIM     | WSO2 API Manager           | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4153 |


!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

