---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0504
category: security-advisories
published: 29th January 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0504

<p class="doc-version">Published: 29th January 2019</p>
<p class="doc-version">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-version">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* API Manager 2.6.0
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager 5.7.0 
* WSO2 Identity Server 5.7.0


### OVERVIEW
Above WSO2 products are vulnerable to a potential Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability.


### DESCRIPTION
This vulnerability is discovered in the OIDC claim management flow in the Carbon Console.


### IMPACT
By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).

| Code  | Product                | Version | Patch                        |
| ----- | ---------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM    | WSO2 API Manager       | 2.6.0   | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-3537 |
| IS KM | WSO2 IS as Key Manager | 5.7.0   | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-3537 |
| IS    | WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.7.0   | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-3537 |


!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Julien Oury--Nogues](https://fr.linkedin.com/in/julien-oury-nogues-a23186115/en) for responsibly reporting the identified issues and working with us as we addressed them.

