---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0636
category: security-advisories
published: 02nd December 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0636

<p class="doc-version">Published: 02nd December 2019</p>
<p class="doc-version">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-version">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager
* WSO2 API Manager Analytics
* WSO2 Enterprise Integrator
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server
* WSO2 Identity Server Analytics


### OVERVIEW
A potential stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities have been identified in registry UI.


### DESCRIPTION
When a user adds a new registry resource, a malicious user could inject an executable script as inputs in registry UI which leads to a stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities.


### IMPACT
By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION

#### For latest versions of affected products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| APIM     | WSO2 API Manager           | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5432 |
| EI       | WSO2 Enterprise Integrator | 6.5.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5518 |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager     | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5432 |
| IS       | WSO2 Identity Server       | 5.8.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5431 |


#### For other products
Upgrade the products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) which are not affected by this vulnerability.

!!! note
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Sathish Kumar Balakrishnan](https://sathish.co.in/) Balakrishnan ([Cyber Security Works Pvt Ltd](https://cybersecurityworks.com/)) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
