---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1509
category: security-announcements
published: March 08, 2022
version: 1.0.0
severity: High
cvss: "8.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1509

<p class="doc-info">Published: March 08, 2022</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: High</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 8.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:L)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager : 4.0.0 , 3.2.0 , 3.1.0 , 3.0.0
* WSO2 Identity Server : 5.11.0 , 5.10.0 , 5.9.0
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager : 5.11.0 , 5.10.0 , 5.9.0
* WSO2 IoT Server : 3.3.1
* WSO2 Micro Integrator : 1.1.0 , 1.2.0


### OVERVIEW
Intermediate Certificate Validation is skipped for SCIM2 endpoints by default Authorization bypass due to improper default configuration of Intermediate Certificate Validation on SCIM2 endpoints.


### DESCRIPTION
Due to the default configuration in WSO2 products, Intermediate Certificate Validation [^1] is skipped for SCIM2 endpoints. When a valid CA signed certificate is used in invocations, it could be used to access resources irrespective of the privileges of the user.


### IMPACT
In order to exploit this vulnerability, a malicious actor must have the private key of the Root CA, or a valid certificate signed by the Root CA and the associated private key. If such can be obtained, by leveraging this vulnerability, a malicious actor may invoke the SCIM2 endpoints. Such access could expose user information, and could cause confidentiality, integrity and availability impacts to targeted user records.


### SOLUTION
The recommended solution is to apply the following configuration that needs to be added into **<Product_Home\>/repository/conf/deployment.toml** file under the `[intermediate_cert_validation]` tag.
```toml
exempt_contexts=[]
```

**Please note Intermediate certificate validation is skipped for SCIM2 endpoints by default.** So you need to remove the default exempted SCIM2 context to overcome the vulnerability with the above configuration. Therefore if there is no explicit requirement, make exempt_contexts empty as shown above.


### REFERENCES
[^1]: [https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediatecertificate-validation](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediatecertificate-validation)
