---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2025-4493/CVE-2025-11850
category: security-announcements
published: "June 18, 2026" 
version: "1.0"
severity: "Medium"
cvss: "4.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2025-4493/CVE-2025-11850

<p class="doc-info">Published: June 18, 2026</p> 
<p class="doc-info">Updated: June 18, 2026</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 4.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L)</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVE IDs: <a href="https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-11850">CVE-2025-11850</a></p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
• WSO2 Identity Server: 7.1.0, 7.0.0


### OVERVIEW
Potential improper implicit association.


### DESCRIPTION
When secondary user stores are present, the implicit-association resolver initializes from a secondary user store and skips the primary user store during search and uniqueness checks. As a result, a subject could be linked to an unintended local account if the same lookup claim (e.g., username or email) exists in both the primary and a secondary store.


### IMPACT
If duplicate claims values (e.g., username or email) exist across the primary and secondary user stores, this issue may result in identity confusion due to incorrect implicit associations when an external Identity Provider (IDP) is used. Consequently, legitimate user accounts in the primary user store may fail to associate correctly with corresponding external IDP accounts. This could restrict the external IDP user's access if the corresponding account in the secondary user store possesses fewer privileges than the primary account. Deployments are not affected if no secondary user stores are configured, implicit association is disabled, or the claim values are globally unique.


### SOLUTION



#### Community Users (Open Source)
Apply the relevant fixes to your product using the public fix(es) provided below.

* [https://github.com/wso2/carbon-identity-framework/pull/7242](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-identity-framework/pull/7242)

If applying the fix or update is not feasible, migrate to the latest unaffected version of the respective WSO2 product(s).


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level or a higher update level to apply the fix.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product Name         | Product Version | Update Level |
| -------------------- | --------------- | ------------ |
| WSO2 Identity Server | 7.1.0           | 40           |
| WSO2 Identity Server | 7.0.0           | 132          |

Once you apply the fix using any of the methods mentioned above, it recommends applying the following configuration to the <Product_Home>/repository/conf/deployment.toml file.

```toml
[token_exchange.implicit_association]
include_primary_when_secondary_present = true
```
