---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2025-4177
category: security-announcements
published: "2026-05-03"
version: "1.0.0"
severity: "Not Applicable"
cvss: "Not Applicable"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2025-4177

<p class="doc-info">Published: 2026-05-03</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Not Applicable</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: Not Applicable</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Identity Server: 7.1.0, 7.0.0, 6.1.0, 6.0.0, 5.11.0, 5.10.0


### OVERVIEW
Essential Security Enhancement on SMS Resend Code validation.


### DESCRIPTION
Due to the improper implementation of SMS code resend validation, SMS OTP can be resend upon the user request via API call even though the product is configured to disallow resend, by setting "ResendEnable = false" in "authentication.authenticator.sms_otp.parameters" of deployment.toml. This behaviour does not directly impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the deployment. However, repeated SMS OTP resend attempts may lead to SMS Flooding or increase of SMS Gateway cost.


### IMPACT
The implementation of these security enhancements significantly strengthens the overall protection and integrity of the product, mitigating potential vulnerabilities and ensuring a more robust defense against security threats.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
Apply the relevant fixes to your product using the public fix(es) provided below.

* [https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-sms-otp/pull/209](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-sms-otp/pull/209)

If applying the fix or update is not feasible, migrate to the latest unaffected version of the respective WSO2 product(s).


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level, or to a higher update level, to mitigate the identified vulnerability.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product Name           | Product Version   | Update Level   |
| ---------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 7.1.0             | 6              |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 7.0.0             | 130            |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 6.1.0             | 230            |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 6.0.0             | 253            |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.11.0            | 426            |
| WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.10.0            | 379            |