---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2026-5072/CVE-2026-2053
category: security-announcements
published: "2026-05-03"
version: "1.0.0"
severity: "High"
cvss: "8.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2026-5072/CVE-2026-2053

<p class="doc-info">Published: 2026-05-03</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: High</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: <a href="https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.1#CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L">8.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L)</a></p>
<p class="doc-info">CVE IDs: <a href="https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2026-2053">CVE-2026-2053</a></p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager: 4.2.0, 4.0.0, 3.2.1, 3.2.0, 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
Unauthenticated Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) in WS Addressing.


### DESCRIPTION
In deployments where custom handlers or configurations trigger message building prior to the main mediation sequence, such as through user-defined global Synapse handlers, WS-Addressing headers may be processed during early stages of message handling. Under these conditions, WS-Addressing headers provided in incoming requests may influence the destination of server-initiated outbound requests. An unauthenticated attacker may leverage this behavior by supplying crafted header values.


### IMPACT
Successful exploitation of this vulnerability allows an unauthenticated attacker to control the destination of server-initiated requests. This could lead to unauthorized access to internal network resources or services that are not directly accessible from external networks.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
Migrate to the latest unaffected version of the respective WSO2 product(s).


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level, or to a higher update level, to mitigate the identified vulnerability.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product Name       | Product Version   | Update Level   |
| ------------------ | ----------------- | -------------- |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 4.2.0             | 189            |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 4.0.0             | 385            |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 3.2.1             | 84             |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 3.2.0             | 465            |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 3.1.0             | 360            |

### Note
If you have customized the main.xml files in any of the following locations, add the mentioned property before any `<filter>` mediator in the sequence.

- `<Product_Home>/repository/resources/apim-synapse-config/main.xml`
- `<Product_Home>/repository/deployment/server/synapse-configs/default/sequences/main.xml`
```xml
<property name="message.builder.invoked" value="true" scope="axis2" type="BOOLEAN"/>

<filter …..>
…
…
</filter>
```

Additionally, if main.xml files exist under the `<Product_Home>/repository/tenants/` location, apply the same configuration to those files as well.

