---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2023-2729
category: security-announcements
published: "2026-01-26"
version: "1.0.0"
severity: "Medium"
cvss: "5.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2023-2729

<p class="doc-info">Published: 2026-01-26</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: <a href="https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.1#CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N">5.3 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N)</a></p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager: 4.2.0, 4.1.0, 4.0.0, 3.2.0


### OVERVIEW
Potential sensitive information disclosure vulnerability.


### DESCRIPTION
When registering a client via Dynamic Client Registration (DCR) endpoint with an already used application name registration response discloses the previously registered application's client-ID and client-secret.


### IMPACT
Using the Dynamic Client Registration (DCR) endpoint an authorized user can create an OAuth application by defining a name of the OAuth application. They can retrieve the client-ID and client-secret related to this application by providing the application name. A malicious actor may also retrieve the same information by constructing the payload with the already existing application name. In order to perform such action a malicious actor should have the knowledge of the name of a targeted application and have access to the DCR endpoint. This could potentially lead to unauthorized access to protected resources.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
Migrate to the latest unaffected version of the respective WSO2 product(s).


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level, or to a higher update level, to mitigate the identified vulnerability.

!!! info
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product Name       | Product Version   | Update Level   |
| ------------------ | ----------------- | -------------- |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 4.2.0             | 80             |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 4.1.0             | 136            |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 4.0.0             | 217            |
| WSO2 API Manager   | 3.2.0             | 278            |