---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1411
category: security-announcements
published: December 03, 2021
version: 1.0.0
severity: Medium
cvss: "5.9 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1411

<p class="doc-info">Published: December 03, 2021</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 5.9 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:L)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager : 2.2.0 , 2.5.0 , 2.6.0 , 3.0.0 , 3.1.0 , 3.2.0 , 4.0.0
* WSO2 IoT Server : 3.3.1


### OVERVIEW
Insecure file upload vulnerability in the API Publisher REST API.


### DESCRIPTION
API Publisher REST API can be used to upload executable files for documentation resources. Such documentation resource can be downloaded from the API Publisher/Store.


### IMPACT
In order to exploit this vulnerability, the malicious actor should have a valid user account with required privileges to authenticate to the API Publisher and should be able to call Publisher REST APIs. The possible impacts include delivering malicious executables to the end user of the API Publisher/Store. To have a successful exploitation, the end user should download the malicious file using the documentation downloading feature and execute it. Such execution could lead to impact on confidentiality, integrity and availability of the system, depending on the behaviour of the executable.


### SOLUTION
If the latest version of the affected WSO2 product is not mentioned under the affected product list, you may migrate to the latest version to receive security fixes.

Otherwise you may apply the relevant fixes to the product based on the public fix(s):

* [https://github.com/wso2/carbon-identity-framework/pull/3472](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-identity-framework/pull/3472)


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**
