---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1292
category: security-announcements
published: September 02, 2021
version: 1.0.0
severity: Critical
cvss: "9.6 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2021-1292

<p class="doc-info">Published: September 02, 2021</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Critical</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 9.6 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:N) </p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Identity Server : 5.10.0 , 5.11.0
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager : 5.10.0


### OVERVIEW
Broken Authentication Vulnerability in Account Recovery flow.


### DESCRIPTION
Broken Authentication vulnerability occurs when the **Account Recovery** feature is enabled and one of the following conditions are met:

* **Enable Auto Login After Password Reset** checkbox is checked in the Account Recovery section of the Resident Identity provider.

or

* **Auto Login After Password Reset** is enabled server-wide by adding the following configuration to the **/repository/conf/deployment.toml** file.

    ```toml
    [identity_mgt.recovery]
    enable_auto_login=true
    ```

### IMPACT
**Account Recovery** feature and **Enable Auto Login After Password** Reset configuration associated with it are not enabled by default.

However, if and only if the said feature and the auto-login configuration both are explicitly enabled and the attacker is already registered in the system as a valid user, it is possible to use this vulnerability to impersonate and authenticate as a different targeted user. Access to WSO2 Management Console cannot be obtained using this vulnerability unless Single Sign-On was configured.

Your deployment is not affected if:

* The Account Recovery feature is not explicitly enabled.
* Even if the Account Recovery feature is enabled, "Auto Login After Password Reset" is not explicitly enabled.


### SOLUTION
If the latest version of the affected WSO2 product is not mentioned under the affected product list, you may migrate to the latest version to receive security fixes.

Otherwise you may apply the relevant fixes to the product based on the public fix(s):

* [https://github.com/wso2/identity-apps/pull/1727](https://github.com/wso2/identity-apps/pull/1727)


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**
