---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0182
category: security-advisories
published: 6th March 2017
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0182

<p class="doc-info">Published: 6th March 2017</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Application Server 5.3.0
* WSO2 Business Process Server 3.6.0
* WSO2 Business Rules Server 2.2.0
* WSO2 Complex Event Processor 4.2.0
* WSO2 Data Analytics Server 3.1.0
* WSO2 Data Services Server 3.5.1
* WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus 5.0.0
* WSO2 Message Broker 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
The Carbon Commons component of above listed products has been identified to have potential Arbitrary File Read(AFR) and Arbitrary Directory Read (ADR) vulnerabilities.


### DESCRIPTION
In several versions of Carbon Commons component, a potential arbitrary file / directory read vulnerability has been discovered. Because of Arbitrary File Read(AFR) vulnerability, it is possible to read arbitrary file starting from application root folder such as configuration files, binary files and etc. Because of Arbitrary Directory Read(ADR) vulnerability, it is possible to read directory index of arbitrary directory within application root folder which includes configuration and library directories.


### IMPACT
As a result of AFR, sensitive data can be read from configuration files present within carbon server via Remote Code Execution (RCE). In addition to that, the contents of important directories can be scanned via ADR.


### SOLUTION
The recommended solution is to apply relevant security patches to products which fix the vulnerability in affected component.

#### For WSO2 Update Manager (WUM) Supported Products
Please use [WUM](https://wso2.com/updates/wum/) to update the following products.


| **Code** | **Product**          | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| :--- | :------ | :------ |
| ESB | WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus | 5.0.0 |
| CEP | WSO2 Complex Event Processor | 4.2.0 |
| DSS | WSO2 Data Services Server | 3.5.1 |


#### For Other Products
Apply the following patches based on your products by following the instructions in the README file. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/). If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.


| Code | Product | Version | Patch | 
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :---- |
| AS | WSO2 Application Server | 5.3.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0713 |
| BPS | WSO2 Business Process Server | 3.6.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0581 |
| BRS | WSO2 Business Rules Server | 2.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0648 |
| CEP | WSO2 Complex Event Processor | 4.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0581 |
| DAS | WSO2 Data Analytics Server | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0581 |
| DSS | WSO2 Data Services Server | 3.5.1 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0581 |
| ESB | WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus | 5.0.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0581 |
| MB | WSO2 Message Broker | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0648 | 


!!! note
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Marcin Woloszyn for responsibly reporting the identified issues and working with us as we addressed them.
