---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0666
category: security-announcements
published: April 04, 2020
version: 1.0.0
severity: Critical
cvss: "10.0 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0666

<p class="doc-info">Published: April 04, 2020</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Critical</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 10.0 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager : 5.9.0 or earlier
* WSO2 Identity Server : 5.9.0 or earlier


### OVERVIEW
Providing improvement to the Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) prevention and Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) prevention in the Shindig webapp.


### DESCRIPTION
This vulnerability can be exploited by misusing the UI gadgets loading capability of the shindig web application. An attacker can alter a specific URL in the request causing the server to initiate a GET request to the altered URL. Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability can be exploited by injecting the URL of the page carrying malicious script in the request URL parameters of shindig endpoint.


### IMPACT
By exploiting SSRF vulnerability, an attacker can use the server to perform arbitrary external service interactions. This could be especially used to interact with the nodes of an internal network, which are otherwise hidden to the outside by the network rules. By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attack would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
If you are using an affected product version, it is highly recommended to migrate to the latest released version to receive security fixes.

As a temporary risk mitigation, you may disallow or limit access to the **[dashboard](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS580/Using+the+End+User+Dashboard)** web application (*https://<host-name\>:9443/dashboard/*) and **shindig** web application (*https://<host-name\>:9443/shindig/*) available within the affected product versions.

Otherwise, you may apply the relevant fixes to the product based on the public fix(s):

* [https://github.com/wso2/wso2-shindig/pull/20](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-shindig/pull/20)


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum)(WUM) updates in order to apply the fix to the affected versions.**
