---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2020-0718
category: security-announcements
published: August 17, 2020
version: 2.0.0
severity: Medium
cvss: " XSS: 6.1 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N), Session Hijacking: 8.8 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2020-0718

<p class="doc-info">Published: August 17, 2020</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 2.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: XSS: 6.1 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N), Session Hijacking: 8.8 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager : 3.2.0 or earlier
* WSO2 API Manager Analytics : 2.5.0
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager : 5.10.0 or earlier
* WSO2 Identity Server : 5.10.0 or earlier
* WSO2 Identity Server Analytics : 5.6.0 or earlier
* WSO2 IoT Server : 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) and Session Hijacking vulnerabilities in the SOAP service **Try it** tool.


### DESCRIPTION
Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability can be exploited by sending a request to the SOAP service **Try it** tool with a malicious JavaScript payload.

Carbon Management Console's session cookie of a legitimate user could get delivered to an attackercontrolled endpoint by tricking that user to submit a URL of SOAP service **Try it** tool with a malicious payload.


### IMPACT
By leveraging the Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the **Try it** tool, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise.

By leveraging the Session Hijacking vulnerability, it is possible to steal session cookies if the attacker-controlled environments are reachable from the Carbon Management Console nodes. Once the attacker receives the session cookies, they can use those to access the Carbon Management Console if they have network level access to it.

The risk from this Session Hijacking vulnerability would be reduced if the unwarranted inbound and outbound network access are blocked from Carbon Management Console nodes.


### SOLUTION
If you are using an affected product version, it is highly recommended to migrate to the latest released version to receive security fixes.

Otherwise you may apply the relevant fixes to the product based on the public fix(s):

* [https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2669](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2669)
* [https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2663](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2663)
* [https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2662](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/pull/2662)


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum)(WUM) updates in order to apply the fix to the affected versions.**


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Krzysztof Przybylski for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed it.


### CHANGE LOG
* 2020-09-24: API Manager 3.2.0 added to the affected product list.
