---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2025-3864/CVE-2025-0663
category: security-announcements
published: "2025-05-29" 
version: "1.0.0"
severity: "Medium"
cvss: "6.8 (CVSS:3.1/AV:A/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2025-3864/CVE-2025-0663

<p class="doc-info">Published: 2025-05-29</p> 
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 6.8 (CVSS:3.1/AV:A/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Identity Server: 7.0.0, 6.1.0, 6.0.0, 5.11.0, 5.10.0
* WSO2 Identity Server as Key Manager: 5.10.0
* WSO2 Open Banking IAM: 2.0.0


### OVERVIEW
Potential cross-tenant account takeover vulnerability via adaptive authentication and auto-login.


### DESCRIPTION
A single cryptographic key is used across all tenants to sign cookies generated by Adaptive Authentication. As a result, a privileged user from one tenant can forge the authentication cookies of users in other tenants. Because the Auto-Login feature is enabled by default, this allows for unauthorized access and potential account takeover across multiple tenants.


### IMPACT
A successful attack could allow an attacker to compromise a victim’s account and impersonate them. However, exploiting this vulnerability requires specific privileges to utilize the Adaptive Authentication feature, a level of access generally limited to a small number of high-privileged users within WSO2 products. Additionally, the issue only arises if the Auto-Login feature is enabled. As a result, the practical likelihood of exploitation remains low under these narrow conditions.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
We highly recommend to migrate to the latest version of respective WSO2 products to mitigate the identified vulnerabilities.


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level or a higher update level to apply the fix.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product                             | Version | U2 Update Level |
| ----------------------------------- | :-----: | :-------------: |
| WSO2 Identity Server                |  7.0.0  |       88        |
| WSO2 Identity Server                |  6.1.0  |       220       |
| WSO2 Identity Server                |  6.0.0  |       228       |
| WSO2 Identity Server                | 5.11.0  |       392       |
| WSO2 Identity Server                | 5.10.0  |       343       |
| WSO2 Identity Server as Key Manager | 5.10.0  |       336       |
| WSO2 Open Banking IAM               |  2.0.0  |       387       |

