---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2024-3144/CVE-2024-1524
category: security-announcements
published: "2025-03-18" <!--Base on system date-->
version: "1.0.0"
severity: "High"
cvss: "7.7 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2024-3144/CVE-2024-1524

<p class="doc-info">Published: 2025-03-18</p> <!--Base on system date-->
<p class="doc-info">Updated: 2025-03-18</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: High</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 7.7 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:L)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 4.2.0
* WSO2 Identity Server 6.1.0, 6.0.0


### OVERVIEW
A local user can be impersonated when using federated authentication with Silent JIT Provisioning.


### DESCRIPTION
When the 'Silent Just-In-Time Provisioning' feature is enabled for a federated identity provider (IDP), there is a risk that a local user store user’s information may be replaced during the account provisioning process in cases where federated users share the same username as local users.


### IMPACT
There will be no impact on your deployment if any of the preconditions mentioned below are not met. Only when all the preconditions mentioned below are fulfilled could a malicious actor associate a targeted local user account with a federated IDP user account that they control.

* The Deployment should have:

    * An IDP configured for federated authentication with Silent JIT provisioning enabled.

* The malicious actor should have: 

    * A fresh valid user account in the federated IDP that has not been used earlier. 
    * Knowledge of the username of a valid user in the local IDP. 
    * An account at the federated IDP matching the targeted local username.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
We highly recommend to migrate to the latest version of respective WSO2 products to mitigate the identified vulnerabilities.


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level—or a higher update level—to apply the fix.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product              | Version | U2 Update Level |
| -------------------- | :-----: | :-------------: |
| WSO2 API Manager     |  4.2.0  |       108       |
| WSO2 Identity Server |  6.1.0  |       128       |
| WSO2 Identity Server |  6.0.0  |       171       |


