---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2023-2935
category: security-announcements
published: May 31, 2024
version: 1.0.0
severity: Medium
cvss: "4.7 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# SECURITY ADVISORY WSO2-2023-2935

<p class="doc-info">Published: May 31, 2024</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 4.7 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Micro Gateway Toolkit : 3.2.0


### OVERVIEW
Potential Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) has been identified in the error page of WSO2 Micro Gateway.


### DESCRIPTION
WSO2 Micro Gateway responds with 'text/plain' as the content-type in error pages without output encoding. Modern browsers exclusively interpret 'text/plain' correctly, honoring the content-type header, and do not perform HTML content sniffing. However, there could be certain older browsers that do content-sniffing while also not honoring content-type header, in which cases the vulnerability could be used to perform XSS.


### IMPACT
The recommended solution is to apply the provided patch/update to the affected versions of the products. If there are any instructions given with the patch/update, please make sure those are followed properly. The fix will deliver the `X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff` header for error page responses, preventing browsers from performing content sniffing.


### SOLUTION
If the latest version of the affected WSO2 product is not mentioned under the affected product list, you may migrate to the latest version to receive security fixes. Otherwise you may apply the relevant fixes to the product based on the public fix: 

* [https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/pull/3456](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/pull/3456)


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

