---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0289
category: security-announcements
published: September 04, 2017
severity: Medium
cvss: "5.7 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0289

<p class="doc-info">Published: September 04, 2017</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 5.7 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 2.1.0


### OVERVIEW
A potential Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability is detected in several pages of API Publisher, API Store and Admin web apps.


### DESCRIPTION
By leveraging the CSRF vulnerability, an attacker may trick the users into executing actions of the attacker's choosing. A successful CSRF attack can force the user (victim) to perform state changing requests that the user is authorized to perform.


### IMPACT
An attacker can trick a privileged user to click a crafted URL via email, IM or a neutral website, then the attacker can make the browser to get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise.

However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**          | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager     | 2.1.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-1411 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Petr Tomaník for responsibly reporting the identified issues and working with us as we addressed them.
