---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0266
category: security-announcements
published: September 04, 2017
severity: Medium
cvss: "5.4 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0266

<p class="doc-info">Published: September 04, 2017</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 5.4 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Identity Server 5.3.0


### OVERVIEW
A potential Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability has been detected in Management Console.


### DESCRIPTION
Submitting a new entitlement policy set is an administrative functionality done through management console. This should be only permitted with HTTP POST method as it is a state changing operation and all such operations are CSRF protected by default.

It has been found that the web page accepts GET requests as well, where the query parameters are not properly encoded when displayed.


### IMPACT
An attacker can trick a privileged user to click a crafted URL via email, IM or a neutral web site, then the attacker can make the browser to get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise.

However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**          | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| IS       | WSO2 Identity Server | 5.3.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-1219 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**
