---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0185
category: security-announcements
published: March 06, 2017
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0185

<p class="doc-info">Published: March 06, 2017</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Application Server 5.3.0
* WSO2 Business Process Server 3.6.0
* WSO2 Business Rules Server 2.2.0
* WSO2 Complex Event Processor 4.2.0
* WSO2 Data Analytics Server 3.1.0
* WSO2 Data Services Server 3.5.1
* WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus 5.0.0
* WSO2 Message Broker 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
A potential XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability has been identified in the Carbon Try-it tool of the WSO2 Carbon Commons component used in the above-listed products.


### DESCRIPTION
The Carbon Commons component has been identified to have a potential XXE vulnerability in the Carbon Try-it tool where the application XML parser is accepting DOCTYPE in provided XML documents either directly or indirectly, using a URL.


### IMPACT
The XXE attacks can affect any trusted system respective to the machine where the parser is located. This attack can result in disclosing local files, denial of service, server-side request forgery, port scanning and other system impacts on affected systems.


### SOLUTION
The recommended solution is to apply relevant security updates/patches to products which fix the XXE vulnerability in affected components.

See below for details on patching or updating the affected component.

#### For WSO2 Update Manager (WUM) Supported Products
Use [WUM](https://wso2.com/updates/wum/) to update the following products.


| **Code** | **Product** | **Version** | **Patch** |
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :------ |
| CEP | WSO2 Complex Event Processor | 4.2.0 |
| ESB | WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus | 5.0.0 |
| DSS | WSO2 Data Services Server | 3.5.1 |


#### For Other Products
Apply the following patches based on your products by following the instructions in the README file. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/). If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.


| Code | Product | Version | Patch | 
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :---- |
| AS | WSO2 Application Server | 5.3.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0626 |
| BPS | WSO2 Business Process Server | 3.6.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0628 |
| BRS | WSO2 Business Rules Server | 2.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0632 |
| CEP | WSO2 Complex Event Processor | 4.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0628 |
| DAS | WSO2 Data Analytics Server | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0628 |
| DSS | WSO2 Data Services Server | 3.5.1 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0628 |
| ESB | WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus | 5.0.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0628 |
| MB | WSO2 Message Broker | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0632 | 


!!! info todo
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Marcin Woloszyn for responsibly reporting the identified issues and working with us as we addressed them.
