---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2016-0135
category: security-advisories
published: 8th November 2016
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2016-0135

<p class="doc-version">Published: 8th November 2016</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 2.0.0
* WSO2 App Manager 1.2.0
* WSO2 Application Server 5.3.0
* WSO2 Business Rules Server 2.1.0
* WSO2 Dashboard Server 2.0.0
* WSO2 Message Broker 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
An Open Redirect vulnerability is discovered in the Carbon Management Console.


### DESCRIPTION
Following pages in the management console were found to be vulnerable to open redirect attacks, in the products mentioned here.

* XACML Policy Administration
* Identity Provider Management
* Workflow Management
* User Management

An attacker can possibly attack the above UI components, by modifying some query parameters that contain a URL value in management console context. They can modify the respective query parameter value such that the management console will redirect the request to the specified URL.


### IMPACT
An attacker aware of the management console origin, can modify the query parameter values to a URL value of a malicious site, and trick a user to invoke the modified URL via email or a neutral web site. This redirects the user to the malicious site and the attacker may successfully launch a phishing scam and steal user credentials or other sensitive information, or harm in any other way.


### SOLUTION

#### For WSO2 Update Manager (WUM) Supported Products
Please use [WUM](https://wso2.com/updates/wum/) to update the following products.


| **Code** | **Product** | **Version** |
| :--- | :------ | :------ |
| AM | WSO2 API Manager | 2.0.0 |


#### For Other Products
Apply the following patches based on your products by following the instructions in the README file. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/). If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.


| **Code** | **Product** | **Version** | **Patch** |
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :---- |
| APPM | WSO2 App Manager | 1.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0552 | 
| AS | WSO2 Application Server | 5.3.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0553 |
| DS | WSO2 Dashboard Server | 2.0.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0555 |
| ES | WSO2 Enterprise Store | 2.0.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0556 |
| MB | WSO2 Message Broker | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0556 |


!!! note
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**
