---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2016-0169
category: security-advisories
published: 8th November 2016
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2016-0169

<p class="doc-info">Published: 8th November 2016</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 2.0.0
* WSO2 App Manager 1.2.0
* WSO2 Business Rules Server 2.2.0
* WSO2 Dashboard Server 2.0.0
* WSO2 Enterprise Mobility Manager 2.0.1
* WSO2 Enterprise Store 2.1.0
* WSO2 Governance Registry 5.3.0
* WSO2 Message Broker 3.1.0


### OVERVIEW
The above WSO2 products are vulnerable to XML External Entity Processing (XXE), reflected Cross Site Scripting (XSS) and stored XSS attacks.


### DESCRIPTION
An attacker with access to the WSO2 Management Console can input a malicious XXE script in the try-it tool UI menu or can directly attack with xml input and disclose any file located in the file system.

The reflected and stored XSS vulnerabilities allow deployment of malicious code in the application by means of providing specifically crafted url to a user.


### IMPACT
The XXE vulnerability allows reading an arbitrary file on an underlying operating system for users having access to the Management Console, or even facilitate Server Side Request Forgery attacks.

In addition to that, reflected and stored XSS vulnerabilities enable attackers to inject client side scripts into some pages in the Management Console. This reflects the attack back to the user’s browser and will execute the injected code, which may generate malicious page results that will mislead the victim or harm otherwise.


### SOLUTION

#### For WSO2 Update Manager (WUM) Supported Products
Please use [WUM](https://wso2.com/updates/wum/) to update the following products.


| Code | Product | Version |
| :--- | :------ | :------ |
| AM | WSO2 API Manager | 2.0.0 |


#### For Other Products
Apply the following patches based on your products by following the instructions in the README file. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/). If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.


| **Code** | **Product** | **Version** | **Patch** |
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :---- |
| APPM | WSO2 App Manager | 1.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0543 |
| BRS | WSO2 Business Rules Server | 2.2.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0546 |
| DS | WSO2 Dashboard Server | 2.0.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0546 |
| EMM | WSO2 Enterprise Mobility Manager | 2.0.1 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0546 |
| ES | WSO2 Enterprise Store | 2.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0543 |
| GREG | WSO2 Governance Registry | 5.3.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0543 |
| MB | WSO2 Message Broker | 3.1.0 | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-0546 |


!!! note
    **If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the "SOLUTION" section, this vulnerability is fixed.**
