---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0600
category: security-announcements
published: October 07, 2019
severity: Medium
cvss: "6.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0600

<p class="doc-info">Published: October 07, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 6.3 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager
* WSO2 API Manager Analytics
* WSO2 Enterprise Integrator
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server
* WSO2 Identity Server Analytics


### OVERVIEW
It has been identified that the implementation of javax.xml.transform.TransformerFactory in jaggery components of WSO2 API Manager is vulnerable to XXE.


### DESCRIPTION
Secure parsing features have not been enabled in TransformerFactory usages in jaggery components of WSO2 API Manager to prevent XXE attacks.


### IMPACT
The XXE attacks can affect any trusted system respective to the machine where the parser is located. This attack may result in disclosing local files, denial of service, server-side request forgery, port scanning and other system impacts on affected systems.


### SOLUTION

#### For latest versions of affected products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager           | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4357 |
| EI       | WSO2 Enterprise Integrator | 6.5.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4860 |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager     | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4357 |


#### For other products
Upgrade the products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) which are not affected by this vulnerability.


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.
