---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0598
category: security-announcements
published: August 01, 2019
severity: Critical
cvss: "10.0 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2017-0289

<p class="doc-info">Published: August 01, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Critical</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 10.0 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Identity Server      : 5.2.0 , 5.3.0 , 5.4.0 , 5.4.1 , 5.5.0 , 5.6.0 , 5.7.0
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager    : 5.3.0 , 5.5.0 , 5.6.0 , 5.7.0


### OVERVIEW
Providing improvement to the Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) prevention in the Shindig webapp.


### DESCRIPTION
This vulnerability can be exploited by misusing the UI gadgets loading capability of the shindig web application. An attacker can alter a specific URL in the request causing the server to initiate a GET request to the altered URL.


### IMPACT
By exploiting this vulnerability, an attacker can use the server to perform arbitrary external service interactions. This could be specially used to interact with the nodes of an internal network, which are otherwise hidden from the outside by the network rules. An attacker can leverage this to footprint and reconnaissance a network, and in addition to that, if there are internal endpoints that do state changing operations upon GET requests, then it is possible to violate the integrity of them well. Depending on the level of protection enforced at endpoints, the impact of this vulnerability may vary.


### SOLUTION
Upgrade the product 5.8.0 or a higher version, which is not affected by this SSRF vulnerability. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Abdulrahman Nour (redforce.io)](https://twitter.com/aboodnour) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
