---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0621
category: security-announcements
published: October 07, 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0621

<p class="doc-info">Published: October 07, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server


### OVERVIEW
A vulnerability has been detected when mapping Role with Scope. IS allows mapping scope with roles for a specific tenant with the users from any other different tenants.


### DESCRIPTION
When validating role-based scope using WSO2 Identity Server, we need to follow Scope Management for creating role-scope mapping[^1]. This flow allows different tenant users to create role scope mapping in another specific tenant.


### IMPACT
Any user from a different tenant domain can map scopes with the roles of another specific tenant. By doing this change, the user could access resources which are not supposed to access by that user.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**            | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | ---------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager       | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4757 |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4757 |
| IS       | WSO2 Identity Server   | 5.8.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4728 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


### References:
[^1]: [Register a scope in Scope Management](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS570/apidocs/OAuth2-scope-endpoint/index.html#!/operations#ScopeManagement#registerScope)