---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0501
category: security-announcements
published: January 29, 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0501

<p class="doc-info">Published: January 29, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 2.6.0


### OVERVIEW
API Store is vulnerable to a potential Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability.


### DESCRIPTION
The XSS vulnerability is discovered in the Forum feature of the Store application.


### IMPACT
The exploitability of the vulnerabilities is less as there are multiple steps associated in the flow. In the event of a successful attack, the injected script would get executed in the user's browser, which may generate malicious page results that would mislead the victim or harm otherwise.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**          | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager     | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-3475 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Julien Oury--Nogues](https://fr.linkedin.com/in/julien-oury-nogues-a23186115/en) for responsibly reporting the identified issues and working with us as we addressed them.
