---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0658
category: security-announcements
published: December 02, 2019
severity: Medium
cvss: "6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0658

<p class="doc-info">Published: December 02, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVE IDs: <a href="https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2019-19587">CVE-2019-19587</a></p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 Enterprise Integrator


### OVERVIEW
A potential Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability has been identified in the Management Console.


### DESCRIPTION
This vulnerability is discovered when updating the message processor configuration from the source view in the Management Console.


### IMPACT
By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| EI       | WSO2 Enterprise Integrator | 6.5.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5352 |


If you are using older versions of affected products, it is highly recommended to migrate to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Krzysztof Przybylski for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
