---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0625
category: security-announcements
published: November 04, 2019
severity: Medium
cvss: "6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0625

<p class="doc-info">Published: November 04, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Medium</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 6.1 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 IS as Key Manager
* WSO2 Identity Server


### OVERVIEW
An unauthenticated reflected XSS and a stored XSS in the dashboard user profile.


### DESCRIPTION
A reflected XSS attack could be performed in the dashboard user profile by sending an HTTP GET request with harmful request parameters. Further, a stored XSS attack could be performed in the download-userinfo. jag due to an improper Content-Type of the downloading content.


### IMPACT
An attacker can trick a privileged user to click a crafted URL via email, IM or a neutral web site, then the attacker can make the browser to get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attacks would not be possible.


### SOLUTION

#### For latest versions of affected products
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Please download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**                | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| IS KM    | WSO2 IS as Key Manager     | 5.7.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-5019 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with Support Subscription, please use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.

    It is highly recommended to migrate older versions of the WSO2 products to the [latest released version](https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/) to receive security fixes.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, Paweł Hałdrzyński ([Limpid Security](https://limpidsecurity.pl/)) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
