---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0597
category: security-announcements
published: July 15, 2019
severity: Low
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2019-0597

<p class="doc-info">Published: July 15, 2019</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N)</p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
* WSO2 API Manager 2.6.0


### OVERVIEW
A potential Stored Cross-site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability has been identified in the event simulator component.


### DESCRIPTION
This vulnerability can be exploited in file uploading feature of event simulator component. An attacker can upload the file in event simulator feature with the malicious script as a file name which leads to XSS attack.


### IMPACT
By leveraging an XSS attack, an attacker can make the browser get redirected to a malicious website, make changes in the UI of the web page, retrieve information from the browser or harm otherwise. However, since all the session related sensitive cookies are set with httpOnly flag and protected, session hijacking or similar attack would not be possible.


### SOLUTION
Apply the following patches based on your product version by following the instructions in the README file. If you have any questions, post them to <security@wso2.com>.

Download the relevant patches based on the products you use following the matrix below. Patches can also be downloaded from [Security Patch Releases](https://wso2.com/security-patch-releases/).


| **Code** | **Product**          | **Version** | **Patch**                    |
| -------- | -------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| AM       | WSO2 API Manager     | 2.6.0       | WSO2-CARBON-PATCH-4.4.0-4457 |


!!! info todo
    **If you are a WSO2 customer with a support subscription, use [WSO2 Update Manager](https://wso2.com/updates/wum) (WUM) updates in order to apply the fix. This patch is intended for WSO2 community (free) users.**

    If you are using newer versions of the products than the ones mentioned in the **SOLUTION** section, this vulnerability is fixed.


### CREDITS
WSO2 thanks, [Valentin Giraud ( OKIOK )](https://www.linkedin.com/in/valentin-giraud-762ab8ba/) for responsibly reporting the identified issue and working with us as we addressed them.
