---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2025-1613/CVE-2025-13475
category: security-announcements
published: "June 18, 2026" 
version: "1.0"
severity: "Low"
cvss: "3.5 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)"
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2025-1613/CVE-2025-13475

<p class="doc-info">Published: June 18, 2026</p> 
<p class="doc-info">Updated: June 18, 2026</p>
<p class="doc-info">Version: 1.0</p>
<p class="doc-info">Severity: Low</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVSS Score: 3.5 (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N)</p>
<p class="doc-info">CVE IDs: <a href="https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-13475">CVE-2025-13475</a></p>
---

### AFFECTED PRODUCTS
• WSO2 API Manager: 3.2.1, 3.2.0
• WSO2 Identity Server: 5.10.0


### OVERVIEW
Potential cross-tenant access via application consent mismanagement in multi-tenanted deployments.


### DESCRIPTION
Due to improper consent management in multi-tenant deployments, consent granted by a user for one SaaS application in a given tenant may incorrectly apply to SaaS applications with the same name in other tenants. This can lead to unintended cross-tenant consent sharing and unauthorized access to user data.


### IMPACT
This vulnerability could result in cross-tenant exposure of user data, allowing SaaS applications in other tenants to access and modify information without the user’s explicit consent. This may lead to unauthorized data access, privacy violations, and potential non-compliance with data-protection requirements. However, there is no impact if the deployment does not support multi-tenant.


### SOLUTION

#### Community Users (Open Source)
Migrate to the latest unaffected version of the respective WSO2 product(s).


#### Support Subscription Holders

Update your product to the specified update level or a higher update level to apply the fix.

!!! info todo
    **WSO2 Support Subscription Holders may use [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates/) in order to apply the fix.**

| Product Name         | Product Version | Update Level |
| -------------------- | --------------- | ------------ |
| WSO2 API Manager     | 3.2.1           | 76           |
| WSO2 API Manager     | 3.2.0           | 457          |
| WSO2 Identity Server | 5.10.0          | 382          |

Once you apply the update, create the following two tables in the identity database.
- IDN_OAUTH2_USER_CONSENT
- IDN_OAUTH2_USER_CONSENTED_SCOPES

The table creation scripts are available in the relevant DB script files in <IS-HOME>/dbscripts/identity directory.

